{
	"Basic tutorial":"Basic tutorial",	
	"Interface Operation":"Interface Operation",
	"Quick Learn":"Quick Learn",	
	"Steam Engine":"Steam Engine",
	"Mining":"Mining",
	"Obtain scientific":"Obtain scientific",
	"Ore Smelting":"Ore Smelting",
	"Electric power":"Electric power",
	"Advanced tutorial":"Advanced tutorial",
	"Nuclear fuel":"Nuclear fuel",
	"Use of turrets":"Use of turrets",
	"Automatic aiming":"Automatic aiming",
	"3D Construction":"3D Construction",
	"Circuit Foundation":"Circuit Foundation",
	"Crane":"Crane",
	
	"io.step0":"Use the mouse wheel to zoom. Other scene zooms operate the same way.",
	"io.step1":"Use the wasd key to move the drawing.",
	"io.step2":"Click on the cursor button to read any of the save.",
	"io.step3":"Click the cursor button to read the archive as a part. After sliding the drawing to a good position, press √ to complete the placement.",
	"io.step4":"Click the cursor button to select any 3D model to switch.",
	"io.step5":"Click the cursor button to turn off or turn on the display of the 3D model.",

	"ql.step0":"According to the guidelines, steel is used to build the hull. The right mouse button can delete blocks. Or use the delete button in the lower left corner.",
	"ql.step1":"Place the wireless according to the guidelines. The wireless is the core of the submarine, and when all wireless are lost, the game will end.",
	"ql.step2":"Place the diesel engine according to the guidelines.",
	"ql.step3":"Click the Binding button in the lower left corner, then click on the diesel engine you just placed and bind it to <Throttle>",
	"ql.step4":"Place the propeller and shaft and connect to the diesel engine.",
	"ql.step5":"Diesel engines require diesel to operate, and diesel engines automatically absorb the surrounding fuel. Place diesel near it.",
	"ql.step6":"Place 2 pumps according to the guidelines. Note that the directions of the pumps need to be opposite each other. Click the green cursor position to rotate it.",
	"ql.step7":"The yellow side of the pump is the water outlet, so the water pump on the left will pump water into the water tank to make the submarine dive. So bind it to <dive>",
	"ql.step8":"The water pump on the right drains the water out of the water tank, causing the submarine to float upwards, so it is bound to <float>",
	"ql.step9":"Finally, we added torpedo and torpedo tube for submarines.",
	"ql.step10":"Click the start button in the upper left corner to enter the sea mode.",
	"ql.step11":"Click RMB can move 2D map. Click on the yellow cursor or use the V key to switch to the 3D perspective.",
	"ql.step12":"Slide the throttle stick(or use the Z key), or click on the engine body, the submarine will go forward.",
	"ql.step13":"Use the A and D key to control the submarine steering.",
	"ql.step14":"Click the yellow cursor or press the F key to go backwards.",
	"ql.step15":"Click on the yellow cursor or user the Left Ctrl key to make the submarine dive. (Left Shift key to make float)",
	"ql.step16":"Note that the buoyancy of the submarine is balanced by default when starting the game, but the more water entering the tank, the faster the sinking speed.",
	"ql.step17":"Click on the yellow cursor to automatically balance the buoyancy of the submarine.",
	"ql.step18":"Use the W and S keys to control the pitch of the submarine.。",
	"ql.step19":"Click on the yellow cursor or use the Space key to fire a torpedo.",
	"ql.step20":"Click on the cursor at the top right corner to open the menu. Note that if you use <Back to Main Menu> in Career mode, the shipbuilding material will not return to the base, but stay in the sea. Can be found in <Dispatch Center>.",

	"se.step0":"Make the outer shell of the submarine according to the schematic. And according to the last tutorial, put the wireless and propeller, shaft.",
	"se.step1":"According to the guidelines, the steam engine is placed.",
	"se.step2":"According to the guidelines, bind the steam engine to the <throttle>",
	"se.step3":"The steam engine automatically acquires coal blocks anywhere in the ship as fuel. According to the guidelines, a certain amount of coal is placed.",
	"se.step4":"Steam engines need water to run. Unlike coal, water needs to be placed next to the engine.",
	"se.step5":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"se.step6":"Push the throttle stick or click on the engine body and the steam engine will draw fuel for heating. Heating takes a certain amount of time. After a while, you can see the steam coming out of the engine.",
	"se.step7":"It should be noted that the steam engine needs to provide water continuously, while ensuring that there is a place to vent, otherwise the steam engine will overheat.",

	"mining.step0":"Mining requires the installation of a drill in 3D model. Click on the cursor to read the save <Small mining ship>",
	"mining.step1":"The ship has been equipped with mining drill in front of it.",
	"mining.step2":"Use the right mouse button to rotate the angle of view. If you want to install the drill by yourself later, you can find the drill bit according to the cursor guidelines. Here we do not make any changes to the model.",
	"mining.step3":"Click the start button at the top right to enter the blueprint room.",
	"mining.step4":"According to the guidelines, a basic submarine is placed. The blocks in the middle position is the cargo compartment, and the cargohold block can be found according to the cursor guidance. Diesel engine is bound to <throttle>",
	"mining.step5":"The area enclosed by the cargo hold is the cargo area for loading the excavated ore.",
	"mining.step6":"According to the guidelines, place the drill core. The drill core automatically matches the drill in the 3D model just placed.",
	"mining.step7":"The drill core needs to provide mechanical energy to operate. Connect it to the engine. The engine can be flipped by the method of cursor guidance.",
	"mining.step8":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"mining.step9":"Drive the boat to any shore so that the drill is in contact with the terrain. Note that speed is not too fast, too fast will run aground.",
	"mining.step10":"Click diesel engine body connection drill to open a diesel engine. The engine will drive the drill to rotate and the excavated mineral will enter the area enclosed by the cargo hold.",
	"mining.step11":"When the cargo hold is full, the ship can be driven back to the station.",
	"mining.step12":"After returning to the station, click on the dock sign in the upper right corner to recycle the goods or choose to recycle the ship. Since the tutorial uses free mode, it cannot be recycled and you can test in career mode.",

	"os.step0":"According to the guidelines, place a wireless block. The wireless can collect scientific points.",
	"os.step1":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"os.step2":"Click on the wireless block in 2D view, and the scientific collection interface will pop up.",
	"os.step3":"This interface shows the current sea area and sea layer. Scientific points can be collected in different sea areas or in different sea layers.",
	"os.step4":"Each depth of 1000m can reach the new sea layer. The deeper the sea, the more scientific points are obtained.",
	"os.step5":"After clicking the collection button and collecting the research points, you can click on the dock sign in the upper right corner to recycle the ship or just recycle the scientific points. Since the tutorial uses free mode, it cannot be recycled and you can test in career mode.",

	"smelt.step0":"According to the guidelines, a simple furnace is formed by enclosing the soil. Because smelting minerals require high temperatures, blocks with low thermal conductivity are required to make the walls. Both soil and stone are suitable for the furnace wall.",
	"smelt.step1":"Smelting minerals is to heat the ore to its melting point, melt it, and then cool it to obtain the product. Different minerals have different melting points and different temperatures are required for heating.",
	"smelt.step2":"According to the guidelines, the minerals to be smelted are placed in the furnace. Iron needs 1535 degrees to melt and has the highest melting point. Copper is second. Sulfur only needs 112 degrees to melt.",
	"smelt.step3":"According to the guidelines, put fuel in the furnace. Different fuels have different calorific values and different amounts are required. Too much will burn the wall, and less may not reach the temperature.",
	"smelt.step4":"Diesel is used as fuel in this tutorial. Diesel itself also needs to be smelted by oil. In the career mode, natural gas, coal, and oil can be used instead.",
	"smelt.step5":"According to the guidelines, an iron furnace is placed for ignition of diesel fuel. It can also be replaced by a stone furnace.",
	"smelt.step6":"Finally, place the wireless in a safer corner.",
	"smelt.step7":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"smelt.step8":"Click on the iron furnace itself, the iron furnace will ignite the diesel and heat the ore.",
	"smelt.step9":"Sulfur itself will burn, releasing a purple-blue flame and producing sulfur dioxide. Sulfur dioxide is a raw material for the production of sulfuric acid.",
	"smelt.step10":"When the fuel is burned, it is seen that steel, copper and sulfur dioxide are produced in the slag.",
	"smelt.step11":"There is also the opportunity to produce dark green fine steel. fine steel needs to be produced by heating the steel to its boiling point (3150 degrees).",
	"smelt.step12":"Click on the dock sign button in the upper right corner to select the recycling ship and recycle the block behind the furnace. Since the tutorial uses free mode, it cannot be recycled and you can test in career mode.",

	"ep.step0":"According to the guidelines, the basic components of the submarine are placed.",
	"ep.step1":"According to the guidance of the cursor, placing the electric engine and bind the electric engine to the <throttle>",
	"ep.step2":"The power of the electric engine can be adjusted by the panel at the cursor. Now adjust the maximum power of the electric engine to 3600.",
	"ep.step3":"With an electric engine, there is also a need for power generation equipment. Generators need other engines to drive them. Place diesel engines and diesel according to the guidelines.",
	"ep.step4":"Place the generator according to the cursor guide.",
	"ep.step5":"With power generation equipment, there is also a need for storage power equipment. Place the battery according to the cursor guide.",
	"ep.step6":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"ep.step7":"Pushing the throttle, the electric engine will consume the battery's electric energy and convert it into mechanical energy to drive the submarine.",
	"ep.step8":"Click on the diesel engine connected to the generator and the generator indicator will illuminate and the upper display is charging the battery.",	
	"ep.step9":"Through this tutorial, you can know that the power in the game does not need wires to connect, which simplifies the operation of the game.",

	"nf.step0":"Place nuclear fuel according to the cursor guidance.",
	"nf.step1":"It is suggested that the nuclear fuel is surrounded by a neutron reflector. Neutron reflector can prevent neutron overflow.",
	"nf.step2":"According to the guidelines, place the Sterling engine. The Stirling engine is the easiest engine to convert temperature into mechanical energy by absorbing the temperature difference between the top and bottom.",
	"nf.step3":"According to the guidelines, place the generator and connect it to the Stirling engine with a shaft block.",
	"nf.step4":"Finally, place the battery and wireless.",
	"nf.step5":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"nf.step6":"At the beginning, nuclear fuel will slowly release the neutron blocks. It may take some time to release the first neutron block, please be patient",
	"nf.step7":"When nuclear fuel releases a neutron block, it emits a lot of heat.",
	"nf.step8":"When nuclear fuel is hit by other neutrons, it immediately becomes an excited state, while releasing another neutron in the opposite direction, releasing a large amount of heat to form a chain reaction.",
	"nf.step9":"After the heat generated by the nuclear fuel is transmitted to the Stirling engine, the Stirling engine will work to drive the generator to generate electricity.",
	"nf.step10":"Click the button at the cursor to switch to the heat map, click again to switch to the pressure map, and click again to return to the original.",

	"cf.step0":"The circuit system in the game needs to grasp an important concept, that is, <voltage>. In the game, the value is transmitted by the <voltage> signal to achieve the purpose of communication between different blocks.",
	"cf.step1":"In the game, it is prescribed that a voltage greater than 500V is a high voltage, and a voltage lower than 500V is a low voltage.",
	"cf.step2":"Place the signal button block according to the guidelines. The signal button as a signal source and can output voltage signals of 300V (low voltage) and 1000V (high voltage) respectively.",
	"cf.step3":"According to the guidelines, place the cable. The cable can transmit voltage signals.",
	"cf.step4":"According to the guidelines, place 2 wifi blocks. By using the bind button, click on the newly placed wifi block and adjust their channel to 101.",
	"cf.step5":"wifi block can transmit voltage signals over long distances, just by setting their frequencies to the same. Many of the block also come with a wifi function, and you can try it after the tutorial ends.",
	"cf.step6":"Continue to place the cable according to the guidelines.",
	"cf.step7":"According to the guidelines, a signal light can be placed, and the signal light can initially display the received voltage signal. If the voltage signal is greater than 500V (high voltage), the signal light will be green, and vice versa (low voltage) will be red.",
	"cf.step8":"According to the guidelines, place a numerical display. Since a numerical display can only display one digit, four numerical displays are required to display four digits. You can display different numbers of digits by adjusting the number of display digits. 0 means display one digit, 1 means ten digit, and so on.",
	"cf.step9":"So from left to right, adjust the display digits of the numerical display to 0, 1, 2, 3",
	"cf.step10":"There is a trick to placing numerical displays. If you place the numerical displays from right to left, the game will automatically adjust its display digits.",
	"cf.step11":"Finally, according to the schematic, it is enclosed by steel and placed in the wireless.",
	"cf.step12":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"cf.step13":"Click on the signal button block and you will see that the signal light turns green and the numerical display shows 1000. Click the signal button again to resume",
	"cf.step14":"Click on the menu in the upper right corner and select <Revert to blueprint>.",
	"cf.step15":"According to the guidelines, remove the circuit placed before and re-arrange the new circuit according to the schematic. The middle block is <NOT gate>, which can be found according to the cursor.",
	"cf.step16":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"cf.step17":"Click the signal button block and you can see that the function of <NOT Gate> is to output the signal in reverse. If input 300V (low voltage), output 1000V (high voltage), if input 1000V (high voltage), output 300V (low voltage)",
	"cf.step18":"Click on the menu in the upper right corner and select <Revert to blueprint>.",
	"cf.step19":"This time we modify the circuit again, the button becomes 2, and the middle block is changed to <or gate>, which can be found according to the cursor.",
	"cf.step20":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"cf.step21":"By clicking these 2 buttons multiple times, you can see that any one button is pressed and the signal light will be on. This is the reason for <or>.",
	"cf.step22":"<OR Gate> As long as 1000V (high voltage) is input to either of the upper and lower ends, 1000V (high voltage) will be output on the right side, and 300V (low voltage) will be output only when the upper and lower ends are 300V (low voltage).",
	"cf.step23":"Click on the menu in the upper right corner and select <Revert to blueprint>.",
	"cf.step24":"This time we modify the circuit again and change the middle block to <and Gate>, which can be found according to the cursor.",
	"cf.step25":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"cf.step26":"Clicking on these 2 buttons multiple times reveals that the signal light will only illuminate when 2 buttons are pressed at the same time. This is the reason for <and>.",
	"cf.step27":"<and Gate> need to input 1000V (high voltage) at the same time, only 1000V (high voltage) will be output on the right, otherwise only 300V (low voltage) will be output.",

	"crane.step0":"According to the guidelines, place one crane block. Rotate the blue edge to the left.",
	"crane.step1":"Place 3 copper blocks as the goods to be pushed.",
	"crane.step2":"Since the blocks is pushed 3 squares, the parameter for setting the crane is 3. At the same time, the moving distance of the crane is also 3 squares.",
	"crane.step3":"The crane can be started by clicking on the body or by digital circuit control. The crane only needs to receive the high voltage signal, it will push forward, and once again receive the high voltage signal, it will pull back.",
	"crane.step4":"According to the schematic, two signal buttons are placed to control the crane.",
	"crane.step5":"Finally, wrap it up with steel and place a wireless.",
	"crane.step6":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"crane.step7":"Click the signal button on the right and the crane will push forward.",
	"crane.step8":"Click the signal button on the left and the crane will pull back to its original position.",
	"crane.step9":"Click on the menu in the upper right corner and select <Revert to blueprint>.",
	"crane.step10":"This time we modified the drawing and used the NOT gate to reverse the button signal and send it to the end position of the crane so that the crane can be controlled with one button.",
	"crane.step11":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"crane.step12":"Click the signal button and the crane will move according to the button.",

	"c3d.step0":"Use the mouse wheel to zoom. ",
	"c3d.step1":"Use the right mouse button to rotate the angle of view. Use the WASD key to move the angle of view.",
	"c3d.step2":"The saves can be read by clicking the button at the cursor.",
	"c3d.step3":"Click the cursor button to read the save as a part.",
	"c3d.step4":"Click the cursor button to switch the button to text mode.",
	"c3d.step5":"Select any object to place.",
	"c3d.step6":"You can toggle the \"Move\" / \"Rotate\" / \"Scale\" mode by clicking the button at the bottom left corner of the cursor or by using the alpha 1, 2, 3 keys.",
	"c3d.step7":"Switch the mode to scale mode. In scale mode, drag the middle white handle to scale in 3 axes at the same time as shown.",
	"c3d.step8":"Click the cursor button to \"undo\" / \"redo\". Note that some operations cannot be undo, such as \"coloring\", \"grouping\" and so on.",
	"c3d.step9":"Click the cursor button to \"reset\". \"Reset\" works differently in different modes. For example, moving the object back to the origin in Move mode and zeroing it in Rotation mode.",
	"c3d.step10":"Click the cursor button to \"select all\" and \"reverse\".",
	"c3d.step11":"Click the cursor button to show/hide the position of \"mass center\", \"thrust\", and \"rudder center\". Note that only the thrust line and the mass center coincide to ensure the stability of the submarine sailing underwater.",
	"c3d.step12":"Click the cursor button to show/hide the object panel. From here you can select all the objects that have been placed.",
	"c3d.step13":"Select any placed object and activate the Properties panel.",
	"c3d.step14":"Under the Properties panel, click the cursor button to rotate the selected object 90 degrees. The xyz axis can correspond to the color of the button by observing the color of the axis.",
	"c3d.step15":"The button at the cursor can <center> the selected object.",
	"c3d.step16":"The button at the cursor can <Copy> the selected object. After copying, the new object will fit in with the original, and you can drag it to another place.",
	"c3d.step17":"The button at the cursor can <mirror> the selected object.",
	"c3d.step18":"The button at the cursor can <align> the selected object. First select the objects you want to align, then click the Align button. When the Align Panel appears, click the object you want to align.",
	"c3d.step19":"The cursor is the color panel. Some objects (such as propeller) have multiple parts, and the selection parts can be colored separately.",
	"c3d.step20":"Slide up the \"Properties panel\", you can see more content. We slide the panel up to the end",
	"c3d.step21":"You can see that besides choosing color, you can also choose material.",
	"c3d.step22":"The self-luminous material can get gorgeous effect instead of lighting, and also can save performance.",
	"c3d.step23":"Below the color panel are the \"Set Plane\" panel and the \"Offset Mass Center\" panel.",
	"c3d.step24":"Choose the object that has been placed first, then click \"Set the plane\" to move the light blue transparent plane up. The plane is used as the reference plane for placing new objects, and also as the <water line> of a ship or submarine on the surface.",
	"c3d.step25":"Below the \"Properties Panel\" is the \"Select\" sub-panel.",
	"c3d.step26":"The button at the cursor can <delete> the selected object. You can also use the Delete key to delete.",
	"c3d.step27":"The button at the cursor can <select multiple object>. You can also make multiple selections by holding the Ctrl button and selecting objects..",
	"c3d.step28":"The button at the cursor can <deselect> the selected object, or you can use the Esc key to cancel the selection.",
	"c3d.step29":"The cursor button can <cancel mirror> the object that has been mirrored so that they no longer move with the other party.",
	"c3d.step30":"The button at the cursor can perform the <Group> operation. Objects that have been grouped can also be grouped with other objects again.",
	"c3d.step31":"If you want to scale multiple objects at the same time, you need to group these objects before scaling.",
	"c3d.step32":"The button at the cursor can perform the <Ungroup> operation. The ungrouping operation is the opposite of the grouping operation.",
	"c3d.step33":"Select one or more placed objects. You can hide the Properties panel by clicking the small arrow at the cursor.",
	"c3d.step34":"After hiding the \"Properties\" panel, click the cursor button to save the selected object to the prefabricated group.",
	"c3d.step35":"After saving successfully, you can view your saved groups in the Custom Groups.",
	"c3d.step36":"Click on the cursor button to use the official pre-made group.",

	"uot.step0":"Read the <Turret tutorial> save.",
	"uot.step1":"you can place turrets by yourself according to the guidelines after tutorial. However, this tutorial will no longer make any changes to the save.",
	"uot.step2":"The turret can be scaled to change its range, but it should not be placed too large (up to 2 times the default). Too big will not increase the range, and it will not match the 2D map.",
	"uot.step3":"Click the start button at the top right to enter <blueprint>.",
	"uot.step4":"Place the turret core according to the guidelines. Note the need to overlap the turret core with the rear 3D turret model (basic overlap is enough)",
	"uot.step5":"Place the shells according to the guidelines.",
	"uot.step6":"Finally, put the wireless.",
	"uot.step7":"Click the Start button in the upper left corner to enter sea mode.",
	"uot.step8":"Switch to the 3D view and click on the turret model in the 3D view.",
	"uot.step9":"The turret will be highlighted when clicked. The launching button below also becomes a shell, which can be fired after clicking. ",
	"uot.step10":"The turret can be rotated by the virtual joystick in the lower left corner.Or use the arrow keys to rotate the turret.",
	"uot.step11":"For more on how to use automatic aiming and turrets, check out the Text Tutorials.",	
	"":""

}